Update logging.md (#1361)
sifive/wake: share/doc/wake/logging.md

## Using & Creating Loggers

`wake` has a number of built in loggers in which all start with `log...`.
You can also make your own `LogLevel` tuple.
You can use this to redirect wake output to a dedicated stream which can
later be filtered on.

| wake `def`        |  log level    |
|-------------------|---------------|
| logDebug          | "debug"       |
| logInfo           | "info"        |
| logEcho           | "echo"        |
| logInteractive    | "interactive" |
| logReport         | "report"      |
| logWarning        | "warning"     |

> | logError          |  "error"      |

Reviewer: nit: can you realign the  left quote on `"error"` and `"null"`

Author: oops just saw this

```
wake --fd:3="foo,info" mywakecode 3>foo_and_info.txt
```
### Log Headers

Each logging stream can optionally emit with a log header. See the

> "Configuring Wake" section of the [README](https://github.com/sifive/wake/README.md?plain=1#L140)

Author: ```suggestion
"Configuring Wake" section of the [README](https://github.com/sifive/wake/blob/master/README.md#configuring-wake)
```
